Create separate topic on nodes (#375)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/developing/information.md

## The RPC interface

> The [RPC interface](/architecture/nodes#the-rpc-interface) provides information about the blockchain that nodes use to communicate with each other.

Reviewer: It not only provides information, you also have PUT methods for injecting operations, etc. Maybe start more general, then focus on providing info:
```suggestion
The [RPC interface](/architecture/nodes#the-rpc-interface) allows  nodes use to cooperate with each other and with their clients. 
In particular, many RPCs provide information about the blockchain.
```

## The RPC interface

> The [RPC interface](/architecture/nodes#the-rpc-interface) allows  nodes use to cooperate with each other and with their clients. 

Reviewer: sorry my fault:
```suggestion
The [RPC interface](/architecture/nodes#the-rpc-interface) allows nodes to cooperate with each other and with their clients. 
```
